# Plenum 2021-05-25 Minutes

## Venue

- [Zoom](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81422812262?pwd=cUhhTU0wNHM1ZUUvZmhWM2ZKbE1OZz09)

## 20:05 Open

## Credentials

- Present: Valentine, Jen, Roland, Alvin, Kheng Hui
- Apologies: -

## Reports

### Regulatory

#### ACRA

- **for future view**: due 30 Apr 2022: Annual report submission of accounts to Koh.

#### IRAS

- **for future view**: due 30 Nov 2021: YA2021 C-S (tax filing); Koh has visibility
- **for future view**: ECI due FYE+? months
-- (Jen) For each of the three filings: date of last filing, date of next filing, status of next filing

### Finance

#### Cash

- **$23.4K** in the StanChart+PayPal as of 1 May 2021
- **0.66914519** in BTC

#### Accrual (up/down $?/month)

- Including predicted upcoming costs amortised monthly, we are **_down_ $1.25K** a month.

#### Significant changes to regular expenses (if any)

| Regular Expenses                 | Amount | Frequency | Monthly Cost (amortised) |
| -------------------------------- | ------ | --------- | ------------------------ |
| Rental                           | 3400   | 12        | $ 3,400.00               |
| Utilities (est'd)                | 450    | 12        | $ 450.00                 |
| Internet                         | 148    | 12        | $ 148.00                 |
| CorpSec                          | 240    | 2         | $ 40.00                  |
| Accounting/Corp Services (est'd) | 3000   | 1         | $ 250.00                 |
| Aircon                           | 980    | 1         | $ 81.67                  |
| Cleaning (est'd)                 | 80     | 26        | $ 173.34                 |
| Income Tax (est'd)               | 600    | 1         | $ 50.00                  |
|                                  |        |           | $ 4,593.01               |

### Memberships/Contributions

1. (Valentine, Jen) Update on new members and contributions (if any).

- downgrades (no change)
- upgrades (no change)

2. Current membership/contribution breakdown by tiers.

| Tier | Count |
| ---- | ----- |
| 16   | 5     |
| 32   | 0     |
| 64   | 18    |
| 128  | 12    |
| 256  | 1     |
| 512  | 1     |

Note: Live data for finances/memberships is in the membership register

## Ongoing business

### Broken and orphaned items

- (Valentine, Andrei) Updates, if any.
-- First batch email sent May 16, some claims received, attractive storage and signage in the shelves in the shelves in the space.
-- Invite Adrian to remove his possessions ASAP, perhaps a week ahead of applying OHP.

### Rewording of Membership Tiers

- (Valentine) Final update and close item.
  - Changes are live. Item closed.

### Website revamp

- (Valentine) Updates, if any.
  - Close to settling first draft with design people, aiming to have first iteration up before next plenum.

### Storage boxes

- (Valentine) Updates, if any.
  - A little progress sorting stuff into and storing in boxes.
  - Acquisition of larger boxes for members pending.

### Back room water issue / Shifting of Hardware Room

- GitHub issue: https://github.com/hackerspacesg/KGB/issues/7
- (Valentine) Updates, if any.
  - Additional concern: some equipment has been moved to the front room, and additional non-member printers have been brought in!
  - Ongoing water entry is small, but not zero.
  - Do nothing on moving the hardware room prior to committing a lease extension.
  - Ask the landlady for a floorspace-pro-rated reduction for the period of the problem.

### KGB premises lease renewal

- (Valentine) Should we ask to renew for 2+2 years early? (Keeping in mind back room issue.)
  - Valentine's preference is to renew immediately to allow some confidence in planning (e.g. hardware room change) (but note reduction in rent as above).

### Social enterprise grants

- (Jen) Updates, if any.
  - Received boilerplate response, nothing material.
  - Jen intends to submit. Kheng Hui to review PPT and assist if appropriate.

### Large groups during Phase 2-redux

- (Valentine) Updates, if any.
  - No important changes.
  - (Valentine) Email reminder of current policy.

### Upcoming events that HackerspaceSG might be interested in

- (Roland, all) Updates, if any.
  - Roland thinks he spoke to the Science Centre but can't find the email; will follow up.

### Recruiting additional members/sponsors

- (Roland) Discussion, if time permits.
  - No-one is doing so at present. Fewer guests than previously are entering the space because of covid.

### Mission, vision, and house rules

- (Valentine) Discussion, if time permits.
- Adopting an official mission and vision might help us with our fundraising efforts.
- [Some house rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18VPrhrYG0zM-JnifQx3Gi1vV3x0TY0TJGqtC_egVkxA/edit) were drafted by Alvin Jiang in July 2012. See also: [Google Groups discussion](https://groups.google.com/g/hackerspacesg/c/vfIXB1iQuXs/m/jTiBpnpBnKQJ).
  - (Roland) Locate Meng's original "here is why a hackerspace is a good idea" email. We might use this as a starting point for a revised vision and mission.
  - (Valentine) Review Alvin's draft rules as a starting point and make any required updates. Decide on a review period, post for review (acknowledge origin), consider any input, adopt and post as policy, ideally before next plenum.

## New business

## Any Other Business

## Next Meeting

- 2021-06-15 20:00 tentative (tentatively scheduled for 3rd Tuesday of every month, but subject to change depending on the schedule of key people)

### 21:55 Close
