## Plenum 12-Feb-2014

### Open: 8:40

### Present
- Michael Cheng
- Chinmay Pendharkar
- Alvin Jiang
- Roland Turner
- ChernJie Lim
- Gibson Tang
- Aaron Tan
- Luther Goh
- Soares Chen
- Loong Jin Chow
- Valentine Chua

### Agenda
- Kai
	- http://hsg.dabase.com/2013/proposalA/
		- prefer no change: Luther, LJ, Michael, Chinmay, Alvin, CJ, Aaron, Valentine
- Valentine
	- 1. Cat 6 cable (on behalf of Kai) — whether it would be a good idea for us to purchase a long Cat6 cable for the front area, which apparently isn't receiving the wifi signal very well.
		- No. (what does it achieve over Cat5? why doesn't Kai just go and buy some?)
	- 2. Event housekeeping — Some guests haven't been cleaning up after themselves after events. I'd like for us to formulate a list of mandatory announcements.
		- RT/Valentine: turn http://hackerspacesg.pbworks.com/w/page/44367892/Arranging-Events into markdown, iterate on list, pull request to website
		- procedure change: events officer offer creating Facebook event if organiser is not doing so and posting on HackerspaceSG Facebook page either way (RT to draft text)
		- Chinmay volunteered as events officer, in addition to Ivan, Justin and Kelvin
	- 3. Finances — how we're doing, how we may improve;
		- Luther: attempt to retrieve mail from old location
		- Luther: ask Ruiwen and Meng to update bank address
		- Luther: sort out insurance
		- CJ: set up PayPal subscriptions for big/small/tiny locker 15/10/6 and company address 10
		- Roland: get to monthly on time invoicing and statements with Juanita
		- Luther: make financial spreadsheets (CJs list) available to selected members
	- marketing ourselves to new members;
		- Valentine: membership survey: why are you a member? What use do you currently/wish to make use of HSG? Etc.
		- Chinmay: Make a list of event organisers (should be members) to refer hosted event enquiries to?
		- Roland (and also everybody else): find user groups to encourage to use the space for user group meetings etc.
		- Roland: install Google Analytics (CJ provide key)
	- fundraising for better furniture (among other things).
		- (next meeting, but open design-of-HackerspaceSG-layout discussion on list) more shelves, usable tables that can be put away during events
		- Valentine: doc policy about having own stuff in the space available for others when owner not around
- Luther
	- Getting our makerbot working and letting members know how to use it. Will be a great item to have since Roland is around. I really would like to get my hands dirty with it.
		- Roland: document procedure for use, poll for interest in workshop
	- Membership paperwork/process
		- Luther: document electronic[-first] membership process
		- for future discussion: rewards for new member referrals, so long as they (a) pay, (b) on time
- Frequency of plenum
		- Roland: get consensus on plenum day (Roland unable to do Tuesday), perhaps 1st Monday

### Close: 10:07
