## Plenum 2014-06-12 Agenda/Minutes

- Present: Gibson, Nicholas, Will Myers, Luther, LJ, Valentine, Eric Teubert, Claudio, Nigel, Soares, Aizat, Aaron, CJ, Hazwan

### 20:30 Finances

- No items received, suggest discussion about remaining steps to reach reliable completion of book-keeping by the 7th of each month.

**Resolved**

- Luther: Introduce Soares to Juanita for the following task, by June 26
- Soares: Work out with Juanita how to improve the spreadsheets used for exchanging memebership and subscription information.
- Roland: Determine with Juanita whether she can now do book-keeping monthly, and in particular whether she's OK with receiving internet and power bills and scanning copies to us.

### 20:40 Website

- No items received, suggest discussion about navigation and content improvements.

**Resolved**

- Roland: Implement supporters page 1st iteration; seek comment for next plenum

### 20:50 Market Survey

- No items received, suggest discussion on objectives, timeline, content and next steps.

**Resolved**

- Luther/Valentine: Sort out details for questions for Walkabout visitors tomorrow.
- Valentine: Add "other" answers with boxes to almost all questions. Add a couple of open (no examples provided) questions "what would you like to see HSG do/not do? What would you expect? What would *you* like to do at HSG? ..."
- Valentine: Survey at least current members and former members and report findings prior to next plenum. Ideally survey Facebook group, Google group, other sources and report on the same schedule.

### 21:00 HackerspaceSG Layout, Decor, Tidyness, Cleanliness...

- Does the Old Hardware process require changes?
- Are more pigeonholes required? How many? What about a member showcase?
- How should we make clear who has what membership status?
- Is there general agreement that non-storage surfaces (floor, chairs, tables) should be kept clear at all times when not in use?
- Is it desirable to install cupboards?
- Is is desirable to store the chairs in the space in the stairwell?
- Is it desirable to install picture rails?
- Is it desirable to install shadeplants in pots? (Perhaps hanging from picture rails?)
- Is it desirable to install pegboard in the hardware room?

**Resolved**

- Hazwan: Go ahead and install pegboards on 2 walls in hardware room this month.
- Roland: Display instructions for old hardware, pigeonholes, general cleanliness, (member list?), layout/desk priority
- Roland: Make two more decks of pigeonholes

### 21:10 Email, LAN, technical infrastructure...

- No items received. Suggest review of recent email-related difficulties.

**Resolved**

- (none)

### 21:20 Any other business

**Resolved**

- (none)

### 21:30 Close
