## Plenum 2017-10-31 Agenda/Minutes

### 20:05 Open

### Credentials
- Present: Luther, Hassan, Bob, Jorg, Adrian, JQ, KH, Fazli, Alvin, Roland, Benji, Haswan, Caj, Valentine, Robert Sim

### HackerspaceSG Status
- ACRA filings, position: Complete to 2016-09-30. Filing for 2017-09-30 is expected to be on time.
- IRAS filings, position: Complete to 2016-09-30. Filing for 2017-09-30 is expected to be on time.
- Directors' intentions: If a workable alternative set of directors steps forward (or committee, if we restructure as an association) reasonably soon (say: before year-end) then hand over; shut down if not.
- Financial position (balance sheet, directors' loans, lease, monthly income/expenses, ...): Pending; likely for next plenum.

### HackerspaceSG Future
- Discussion of potential approaches.
#### Fazli
- Expressed interest in taking over some combination of supervisory and operational responsibility.
- He will work with Luther to identify members, assess cashflow, with a view to a proposal on future relationship with HackerspaceSG for discussion at the next plenum, including what else he can take on.
#### Valentine
- Undertook to develop some specific structure options for becoming an association, the intention being a matrix of pros and cons for discussion at the next plenum.
#### Roland
- Draft outline of what needs doing to run the space.
- Invite Michael Cheng to provide telepresence for next one.
- Move the next plenum in the calendar to Wed 15th.

### Next Meeting
- 2017-11-15 20:00 (N.B. not the 14th as previously proposed)

### 22:17 Close
