## Plenum 2018-10-17 Agenda/Minutes

### 20:23 Open

### Credentials
- Present: Bob, Dyana, Roland, Michael, Valentine, Fazli, Adnan
- Apologies:

### Accounts
- (Fazli) Update on finances and filing with IRAS.
- Very close to cashflow neutral
- Loss position once amortised accounting costs considered
- Have ACRA filed to Sep 2017.
- Have IRAS filed to Sep 2016. Sep 2017 filing is imminent.

### Membership Marketing
- (Fazli) Update on marketing work with Graham.
- Fazli to talk to Graham to start program; also promo at GeekcampSG.
- Early discussion with SIT about IoT learning program.
- Fazli ask Drenboy: Recycle/publish people of HackerspaceSG videos
- Fazli to approach potential corporate sponsors while organising GeekcampSG

### Memberships
- (Bob) Update on new members (if any).
- Adnan has joined
- Bob to woo James

### Ruiwen's intent to step down as Director
- Discussion if any.
- Roland's plate is full.
- Valentine does not want to be a director because he does not wish to lose his founder virginity.
- Perhaps Meng would consider it.
- Bob might be open to it, but would lose employer sponsorship of his membership.
- Fazli has too many diretorships already.

### Business Insurance Policy
- (Valentine/Roland) Update and discussion.
- We have given up on getting a quote from AXA.
- We'll proceed with the $200 quote from AIG. Valentine to tell Faisal to go ahead.

### Electricity Supplier Alternatives
- (Valentine) Updates if any.
- Fazli to call "SUNSEAP" (?)

### Website Revamp
- (Robert) Update on revamp.
- (Robert absent)

### Code of Conduct and Grievance Procedure
- (Valentine) Update on draft.
- KIV

### Any Other Business
- Publishing our finances: Fazli to publish P&L on website
- Michael will endeavour to organise more Junior dev SG events here.

### Next Meeting
- 2018-11-14 20:00 (tentatively scheduled for 2nd Wednesday of every month, but subject to change depending on the schedule of key people)

### 21:44 Close
