# Plenum 2021-04-20 Minutes

## Venue

- [Zoom](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84982349023?pwd=K3dMa3BFK3d3NGRuRERSMUZONTdwUT09)
- Alternatively, join using meeting ID 849 8234 9023 (passcode: 021112)

## 20:15 Open

## Credentials

- Present: Valentine, Jen, Andrei, Roland, Huiren, Jun Hao
- Apologies: -

## Reports

### Regulatory

#### ACRA

- **for future view**: due 30 Apr 2022: Annual report submission of accounts to Koh.

#### IRAS

- **for future view**: due 30 Nov 2021: YA2021 C-S (tax filing); Koh has visibility
- **for future view**: ECI due FYE+? months
-- (Jen) For each of the three filings: date of last filing, date of next filing, status of next filing

### Finance

#### Cash

- **$19.3K** in the StanChart+PayPal as of 1 Apr 2021 (Unknown change from previous month because we've just noticed that all previous plena have incorrectly reported merely the StanChart balance, disregarding ~$300 of payments into the PayPal account between the 20-30th of the month, rather than the sum of the two balances. The position is therefore complicated this month.)
- **0.66914519** in BTC

#### Accrual (up/down $?/month)

- Including predicted upcoming costs amortised monthly, we are **_down_ $1.26K** a month.

#### Significant changes to regular expenses (if any)

| Regular Expenses                 | Amount | Frequency | Monthly Cost (amortised) |
| -------------------------------- | ------ | --------- | ------------------------ |
| Rental                           | 3400   | 12        | $ 3,400.00               |
| Utilities (est'd)                | 450    | 12        | $ 450.00                 |
| Internet                         | 148    | 12        | $ 148.00                 |
| CorpSec                          | 240    | 2         | $ 40.00                  |
| Accounting/Corp Services (est'd) | 3000   | 1         | $ 250.00                 |
| Aircon                           | 980    | 1         | $ 81.67                  |
| Cleaning (est'd)                 | 80     | 26        | $ 173.34                 |
| Income Tax (est'd)               | 600    | 1         | $ 50.00                  |
|                                  |        |           | $ 4,593.01               |

### Memberships/Contributions

1. (Valentine, Jen) Update on new members and contributions (if any).

- downgrades
  - Dyana 64 -> 0
- upgrades
  - Andrei 32 -> 64
  - Gibson 0 -> 128
  - Chee Aun (via GitHub Sponsors) 0 -> 16

2. Current membership/contribution breakdown by tiers.

| Tier | Count |
| ---- | ----- |
| 16   | 5     |
| 32   | 0     |
| 64   | 18    |
| 128  | 12    |
| 256  | 1     |
| 512  | 1     |

Note: Live data for finances/memberships is in the membership register

## Ongoing business

### Change of directorship and adding of shareholders

- (Valentine) Final update and close item.
- Valentine is now a director.
- (Close item)

## Virtual walkthrough of the space during FOSSASIA

- (Valentine, Roland) Final update and close item.
- Valentine discussed HackerspaceSG during Marco's FOSSASIA Communities session.
- (Close item)

### Broken and orphaned items

- (Valentine) Updates if any.
- Clutter that perhaps should be removed from the space has been removed from shelves, much of it temporarily piled behind a sofa near the hose reel.
- Clutter that perhaps should remain has been stacked beside the tiny lockers.
- (Valentine) Weekly spend an hour photographing items and sharing as input to to OHP, and progress earlier cohorts.

### Rewording of Membership Tiers

- Pull request: https://github.com/hackerspacesg/hackerspace.sg/pull/171
- (Valentine) Integrate changes into live website. Update PayPal to match.

### Website revamp

- (Valentine) Update on revamp.
- Docs site preview: https://hsg-docs.netlify.app
- (Valentine) Add "{day} Open House / Social Night" or similar message prominently on front page.

### Storage boxes

- (Valentine) Updates if any.
- Purchased 16 22l boxes.
- (Valentine) Next Ikea trip: 45 some 45l boxes to experiment with.
- (Roland comments: space to stack boxes will become available once stuff behind sofa is OHPd)

### Back room water issue / Shifting of Hardware Room

- (Valentine) Updates if any.
- Due to heavy rain last Saturday (17 April), water dripped into the back area.
- MCST has been informed
  - Reply on 17 April was: "because of the extension scope of the work, many contractors not able to quote"
- (Valentine) Advise landlord of the recent incident, of the MCST's response, of our concern about the {water damage}, our desire that the landlord should work with the MCST to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
- Hardware is being moved already into the front room. Use-related-noise is currently infrequent, but there is concern about the reduction of the quiet space.
- KIV

### Large groups during Phase 3

- (Valentine) Updates if any.
- Propose to reopen for events for up to 20 pax, per [current safe management guidelines](https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en/home-pages/advisory-for-MICE.html).
- (Valentine) Draft a SOP for conventional meetups on the understandings that (a) the organiser remains obliged to meet the STB Guidelines, and (b) different event profiles will require a custom plan from the organiser for HackerspaceSG review, perhaps during plenum.

### Upcoming events that HackerspaceSG might be interested in

- (Roland) Ask Science Centre about Maker Festival plans for 2021.

## New business

### KGB premises lease renewal

- (Valentine) Should we ask to renew for 2+2 years early? (Keeping in mind back room issue.)
- Review in May once we have a sense of where the landlord is on the water problem.

### Day rate to attract students

- (Jen) Discussion.
- Program: https://www.raise.sg/ventureforgood.html
- (Jen) Start conversation, explore what's useful and aligned.

### Mission, vision, and house rules

- (Valentine) Discussion, if time permits.
- Adopting an official mission and vision might help us with our fundraising efforts.
- [Some house rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18VPrhrYG0zM-JnifQx3Gi1vV3x0TY0TJGqtC_egVkxA/edit) were drafted by Alvin Jiang in July 2012. See also: [Google Groups discussion](https://groups.google.com/g/hackerspacesg/c/vfIXB1iQuXs/m/jTiBpnpBnKQJ).
- (deferred to next plenum)

## Any Other Business

- Recruiting addtional members/sponsors
  - (deferred to next plenum)

## Next Meeting

- 2021-05-18 20:00 tentative (tentatively scheduled for 3rd Tuesday of every month, but subject to change depending on the schedule of key people)

### 22:21 Close
