## Plenum 2018-04-25 Agenda/Minutes

### 20:30 Open

### Credentials
- Present: Roland, Marco, Fazli, Valentine, Bob, JQ, Mario, Ricky, Ruud
- Apologies: Luther

### Accounts
- (Fazli) Update on finances.
- 2017 ACRA and IRAS filings prepared, signed, handed to accountants; accountants paid; filing pending, expected on time for both.
- We may have missed April's rent payment, Fazli to check
- Fazli currently does not have bank access; pending repeat submission of paperwork with beatiful signature.
- Fazli to establish a view on cashflow (recurring monthly income and costs, and our ability to pay outgoings on time)
- Agreement in principle to renew work for 6 months

### Memberships
- (Bob) Update on new members (if any).
- Marco has joined. Ruud pending.
- Andre has joined.
- Bob to really follow up 3 FOSSASIA leads

### Business Insurance Policy
- (Fazli) Update and discussion.
- Looking for a different guy to buy from.
- Fazli to review Justin Ng's proposal.

### Membership Marketing
- (Fazli) Update on marketing work with Graham.
- Fazli to make changes that Graham has proposed to allow promotional work to start

### CoderBunker Partnership Proposal
- (Luther, if present) Update on progress.
- Ricky expressed the great fit with HackerspaceSG and some interest in improving the space.

### Code of Conduct and Grievance Procedure
- (Valentine) Update on draft (if necessary).

## Any Other Business
- Update event policy? Roland to draft policy addition, gain consensus, and update website
- JQ's request: Roland to write to Chinmay and JQ with plenum consensus
- 

### Next Meeting
- 2018-05-17 20:00 (tentatively scheduled for 2nd Wednesday of every month, but subject to change depending on the schedule of key people)

### 21:33 Close
